Living off the grid in a bitcoin community. Is it even possible?

Where does this idea come from.
I have been growing up in both cities and on the country side. When I was a city kid I loved the fast phased life style and would not 
trade anything for it, everything was just there for you. Shops, restaurants, nightlife and friends.

Then my family decided to move to the country side, witch was a big change for us. I did not really like the small town mentality. 
It was same as the big city mentality but more in your face. At least in the city you could be anonymous, 
in a small town everyone is up in you business and know everything that you are doing.
I started to really enjoy the solitude in my family house, do what you want when you want it.
This also comes with responsibilities, there is chores to be done every day. 
Like chopping wood for the winter, prepare the garden for planting, harvesting, hunting and so many more things that had to be done. 
It always felt that there was not enough hours in the day to get everything done, I still have that feeling for Bitcoin.
If you didn’t do your chores, you had to pay for it later with a cold house and no food.
I have a passion for bitcoin and living off the grid, and I sure there is many more like me out there.
How could we combine these two passions? Today we have a more efficient solar panels, wind turbines, 
batteries but also better ways of communication. You can get internet almost everywhere now so there is still options to work online 
remotely, there is the blockstream satellite, (https://blockstream.com/satellite/) 
Shortwave radio (https://cointelegraph.com/news/developer-completes-proof-of-life-off-grid-crypto-transaction-primed-for-post-apocalypse) 
send bitcoin via text messages (https://btcmanager.com/samourais-new-feature-send-bitcoin-via-sms-text-message/) or via mesh network 
with gotenna (https://www.gotenna.com/) or in worst case scenario you can even use a crypto debit card (https://wirexapp.com/) 
The choices are there for us.

Bitcoin and homesteading
Isn’t to far from each other, both groups don’t agree with the government models we have today. We all want freedom in different way and 
for different reasons. I truly believe this is possible to combine it with today’s modern technology that we have available out there 
with sustainable living.
I think it’s all about getting the right minds in the right place. With having a similar mindset it should not be to hard to achieve. 
So if you have a piece of land where this utopia can be built, get in touch with us. 
There is many countries that are giving away land in small towns for development, they all have some strings attached to them. 
Canada, US and Russia seems to be taking the lead in giving away land.
I would see this in a community form where people are doing what they are best at and learn from each others. 
This is the best way of sharing knowledge by sharing what you know with other in a hands on way. 
Maybe we will be swapping Bitcoin stories by the camp fire in the future…
I have been looking around for any of these communities and can’t seem to find any places like this. Sure there was this place called bitcointopia (https://twitter.com/bitcointopia?lang=en) 
This site got a taken down about a month ago because it was a scam, and Morgan Rockcoons got arrested. (http://bitcointopia.org/) 
(https://www.forbes.com/sites/oliversmith/2018/11/13/bitcointopia-how-libertarian-fantasy-turned-into-crypto-dystopia/#56ca522b2e5d) 
Jeffery Berns (https://www.nytimes.com/2018/11/01/technology/nevada-bitcoin-blockchain-society.html) Have an interesting project in Nevada where he wants to build a massive blockcahin city. 
It’s a pretty cool idea, but I like to go the other way where we are more in control and responsible for our lives. 
A sustainable crypto community in a smaller scale and less impact. 
With renewable electricity sources getting better every day, it would not be impossible to run some miners and nodes in the Crypto homestead community in the near future.
I would like to be part of building a bitcoin homestead community. 
With living off grid and I don’t mean living without internet, running water and electricity, this is something we want to have. How can we get there?
Well, we have to work hard and use our skills to make it happen! In this way we are responsible for ourselves and our needs. 
Need a well? Dig one. Need electricity? Make a wind turbine. 
Of course we need to have people with the right skills and vision, when you are building a community there is a lot of various skills 
needed!
I have not all the answers how this would be done, but I have the vision and passion to be a part of this where ever it is. 
This could be the way of achieving almost total freedom for you and your family, by having as little interaction with the government 
as possible. Are you tired of the rat race? I am! If you like this idea or want to be part of building this, 
don’t hesitate to contact us at https://www.hardforking.com/ or https://www.satoshihouse.org/


